net.minecraft.world.scores.criteria.IScoreboardCriteria#getName d
net.minecraft.server.network.PlayerConnection#sendPacket a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#setInt a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#setByte a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#setDouble a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#setFloat a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#setLong a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#set a
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#hasKeyOfType b
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getList c
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getByte f
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getShort h
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getInt h
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getLong i
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getFloat j
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getDouble k
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getString l
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound#getCompound p
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagList#getCompound a
net.minecraft.world.item.ItemStack#save b
net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer#getDataFixer ax
net.minecraft.SharedConstants#getGameVersion b

#sendAllDataToRemote
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Container#updateInventory b

net.minecraft.network.chat.IChatBaseComponent#literal b