#EntityPlayer mappings
net.minecraft.server.level.EntityPlayer#playerConnection b
net.minecraft.server.level.EntityPlayer#ping e

net.minecraft.world.entity.player.EntityHuman#activeContainer bV

net.minecraft.world.inventory.Container#windowId q

#Containers enum mappings
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X1 a
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X2 b
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X3 c
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X4 d
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X5 e
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X6 f
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_3X3 g
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#ANVIL h
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BEACON i
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BLAST_FURNACE j
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BREWING_STAND k
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CRAFTING l
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#ENCHANTMENT m
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#FURNACE n
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GRINDSTONE o
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#HOPPER p
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#LECTERN q
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#LOOM r
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#MERCHANT s
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SHULKER_BOX t
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SMITHING u
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SMOKER v
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CARTOGRAPHY_TABLE w
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#STONECUTTER x