#EntityPlayer mappings
net.minecraft.server.level.EntityPlayer#playerConnection b
net.minecraft.server.level.EntityPlayer#ping e

net.minecraft.world.entity.player.EntityHuman#activeContainer bV

net.minecraft.world.inventory.Container#windowId q

#Containers enum mappings
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X1 a
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X2 b
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X3 c
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X4 d
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X5 e
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_9X6 f
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GENERIC_3X3 g
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CRAFTER h
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CRAFTER_3x3 h
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#ANVIL i
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BEACON j
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BLAST_FURNACE k
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#BREWING_STAND l
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CRAFTING m
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#ENCHANTMENT n
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#FURNACE o
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#GRINDSTONE p
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#HOPPER q
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#LECTERN r
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#LOOM s
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#MERCHANT t
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SHULKER_BOX u
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SMITHING v
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#SMOKER w
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#CARTOGRAPHY_TABLE x
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Containers#STONECUTTER y