net.minecraft.world.scores.criteria.IScoreboardCriteria#getName d
net.minecraft.server.network.PlayerConnection#sendPacket a
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#setInt putInt
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#setByte putByte
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#setDouble putDouble
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#setFloat putFloat
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#setLong putLong
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#set put
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#hasKeyOfType b
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getList c
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getByte f
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getShort h
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getInt h
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getLong i
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getFloat j
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getDouble k
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getString l
net.minecraft.nbt.CompoundTag#getCompound p
net.minecraft.nbt.ListTag#getCompound a
net.minecraft.world.item.ItemStack#save b
net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer#getDataFixer ay
net.minecraft.SharedConstants#getGameVersion b
net.minecraft.WorldVersion#getWorldVersion d
net.minecraft.world.level.storage.DataVersion#getVersion c

#sendAllDataToRemote
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Container#updateInventory b

net.minecraft.network.chat.IChatBaseComponent#literal b